Added contributing.md link (#168)
DiamondLightSource/sci-react-ui: readme.md

Scientific React UI
===================

Scientific React UI components, based on MUI. A theme and component library to make websites at scientific institutions simple to create. 

> Our [Story Book](https://diamondlightsource.github.io/sci-react-ui/) website has a indepth information about the library and each component, but this Readme is a good place to start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our [StoryBook](https://diamondlightsource.github.io/sci-react-ui/) website has indepth information about the library and each component, but this Readme is a good place to start.
```
